
Theo: Hello Samantha, I'm glad to see you :) Behind you is located entrance to the first sector. Every history has its own beginning.
Samantha: My story has began long ago.
Theo: Well, what do you mean?
Samantha: Do you know codename... "Spade"?
Theo: Yeah. It's one of the lead programmers who made me alive.
Samantha: It's my father's nickname. He used it in his projects. Father I've never met.
Theo: I know what do you feel, Sam. But here is more important thing for us and the entire world. The amount of oxygen on Earth sharply fall down and we don't have time. Use terminal and type a command 'GetTime' to find out when Cyber2O will finish complex oxygen privatization.
Samantha: Just... Theo, you are insane? How can I do it in a such short time?!
Theo: Don't worry. Based on my computing results it's not that quick process...
Samantha: But it's still not optimistic. Can't you do it yourself?
Theo: Programmers laid restrictions on me, but they didn't tell me I'm not able to collaborate with others :) Now, quickly leave this place. Go through the teleporter behind you.
Samantha: I see. So, let's go!
Theo: Let's start by the youngest bit portions. Go to the gate and read its ID.
Theo: I hope you remember it. And now - use next command - 'OpenGate ID' As you've seen - parameter is necessary. In this case - the gate ID.
Theo: Okay, passing through the gate was a piece of cake. 10/10, grand jury is impressed.
Samantha: Okay, okay, don't make me blush. I hope we'll manage to the end of the mission.
Theo: I appreciate your enthusiasm, but now... The more deeper you go, the better sectors are protected.
Samantha: Protected?
Theo: Literally. Now you should avoid a contact with robots which patrols the laboratory. Look at him. Maybe he is not the strongest one, but don't underestimate him! His radars are really vigilant.
Samantha: He must have got some weakness... I'm gonna check him out.
Theo: You did it! Awesome! Now Sam, when I know about him more... Screw him up by using 'AllySleep ID' command. Zero-one dreams, Ally. 
Theo: With that, we should leave the rest. Look for a generator, it might be somewhere near.
Theo: We need to free up gathered by Cyber2O oxygen in one of the many generators. To get access to oxygen generator just use 'AccessGenerator'
Theo: Okay, now use 'Free ID' setting as parameter machine ID.